move 0 0 agentA1
add 19 12 dispenser b1
terrain 0 1 obstacle
terrain 1 1 obstacle
terrain 2 1 obstacle
terrain 3 1 obstacle
terrain 4 1 obstacle
terrain 5 1 obstacle
terrain 6 1 obstacle
terrain 7 1 obstacle
terrain 8 1 obstacle
terrain 9 1 obstacle
terrain 10 1 obstacle
terrain 11 1 obstacle
terrain 12 1 obstacle
terrain 13 1 obstacle
terrain 14 1 obstacle
terrain 15 1 obstacle
terrain 16 1 obstacle
terrain 17 1 obstacle
terrain 18 1 obstacle
terrain 19 1 obstacle
terrain 20 1 obstacle
terrain 21 1 obstacle
terrain 22 1 obstacle
terrain 23 1 obstacle
terrain 24 1 obstacle
terrain 25 1 obstacle
terrain 26 1 obstacle
terrain 27 1 obstacle
terrain 28 1 obstacle
terrain 29 1 obstacle
terrain 0 2 obstacle
terrain 1 2 obstacle
terrain 0 3 obstacle
terrain 4 3 obstacle
terrain 5 3 obstacle
terrain 6 3 obstacle
terrain 7 3 obstacle
terrain 8 3 obstacle
terrain 9 3 obstacle
terrain 10 3 obstacle
terrain 11 3 obstacle
terrain 12 3 obstacle
terrain 13 3 obstacle
terrain 14 3 obstacle
terrain 15 3 obstacle
terrain 16 3 obstacle
terrain 17 3 obstacle
terrain 18 3 obstacle
terrain 19 3 obstacle
terrain 20 3 obstacle
terrain 21 3 obstacle
terrain 22 3 obstacle
terrain 23 3 obstacle
terrain 24 3 obstacle
terrain 25 3 obstacle
terrain 26 3 obstacle
terrain 27 3 obstacle
terrain 28 3 obstacle
terrain 29 3 obstacle
terrain 0 4 obstacle
terrain 2 4 obstacle
terrain 3 4 obstacle
terrain 4 4 obstacle
terrain 5 4 obstacle
terrain 28 4 obstacle
terrain 29 4 obstacle
terrain 0 5 obstacle
terrain 2 5 obstacle
terrain 3 5 obstacle
terrain 4 5 obstacle
terrain 5 5 obstacle
terrain 7 5 obstacle
terrain 8 5 obstacle
terrain 9 5 obstacle
terrain 10 5 obstacle
terrain 11 5 obstacle
terrain 12 5 obstacle
terrain 13 5 obstacle
terrain 14 5 obstacle
terrain 15 5 obstacle
terrain 16 5 obstacle
terrain 17 5 obstacle
terrain 18 5 obstacle
terrain 19 5 obstacle
terrain 20 5 obstacle
terrain 21 5 obstacle
terrain 22 5 obstacle
terrain 23 5 obstacle
terrain 24 5 obstacle
terrain 25 5 obstacle
terrain 26 5 obstacle
terrain 28 5 obstacle
terrain 29 5 obstacle
terrain 0 6 obstacle
terrain 2 6 obstacle
terrain 3 6 obstacle
terrain 4 6 obstacle
terrain 5 6 obstacle
terrain 7 6 obstacle
terrain 8 6 obstacle
terrain 25 6 obstacle
terrain 26 6 obstacle
terrain 28 6 obstacle
terrain 29 6 obstacle
terrain 0 7 obstacle
terrain 2 7 obstacle
terrain 3 7 obstacle
terrain 4 7 obstacle
terrain 5 7 obstacle
terrain 7 7 obstacle
terrain 8 7 obstacle
terrain 10 7 obstacle
terrain 11 7 obstacle
terrain 12 7 obstacle
terrain 13 7 obstacle
terrain 14 7 obstacle
terrain 15 7 obstacle
terrain 16 7 obstacle
terrain 17 7 obstacle
terrain 18 7 obstacle
terrain 19 7 obstacle
terrain 20 7 obstacle
terrain 21 7 obstacle
terrain 22 7 obstacle
terrain 23 7 obstacle
terrain 25 7 obstacle
terrain 26 7 obstacle
terrain 28 7 obstacle
terrain 29 7 obstacle
terrain 0 8 obstacle
terrain 2 8 obstacle
terrain 3 8 obstacle
terrain 4 8 obstacle
terrain 5 8 obstacle
terrain 7 8 obstacle
terrain 8 8 obstacle
terrain 10 8 obstacle
terrain 12 8 obstacle
terrain 23 8 obstacle
terrain 25 8 obstacle
terrain 26 8 obstacle
terrain 28 8 obstacle
terrain 29 8 obstacle
terrain 0 9 obstacle
terrain 2 9 obstacle
terrain 3 9 obstacle
terrain 4 9 obstacle
terrain 5 9 obstacle
terrain 7 9 obstacle
terrain 8 9 obstacle
terrain 10 9 obstacle
terrain 12 9 obstacle
terrain 14 9 obstacle
terrain 15 9 obstacle
terrain 16 9 obstacle
terrain 17 9 obstacle
terrain 18 9 obstacle
terrain 19 9 obstacle
terrain 20 9 obstacle
terrain 21 9 obstacle
terrain 23 9 obstacle
terrain 25 9 obstacle
terrain 26 9 obstacle
terrain 28 9 obstacle
terrain 29 9 obstacle
terrain 0 10 obstacle
terrain 2 10 obstacle
terrain 3 10 obstacle
terrain 4 10 obstacle
terrain 5 10 obstacle
terrain 7 10 obstacle
terrain 8 10 obstacle
terrain 10 10 obstacle
terrain 12 10 obstacle
terrain 14 10 obstacle
terrain 15 10 obstacle
terrain 20 10 obstacle
terrain 21 10 obstacle
terrain 23 10 obstacle
terrain 25 10 obstacle
terrain 26 10 obstacle
terrain 28 10 obstacle
terrain 29 10 obstacle
terrain 0 11 obstacle
terrain 2 11 obstacle
terrain 3 11 obstacle
terrain 4 11 obstacle
terrain 5 11 obstacle
terrain 7 11 obstacle
terrain 8 11 obstacle
terrain 12 11 obstacle
terrain 14 11 obstacle
terrain 15 11 obstacle
terrain 17 11 obstacle
terrain 18 11 obstacle
terrain 20 11 obstacle
terrain 21 11 obstacle
terrain 23 11 obstacle
terrain 25 11 obstacle
terrain 26 11 obstacle
terrain 28 11 obstacle
terrain 29 11 obstacle
terrain 0 12 obstacle
terrain 2 12 obstacle
terrain 3 12 obstacle
terrain 4 12 obstacle
terrain 5 12 obstacle
terrain 7 12 obstacle
terrain 8 12 obstacle
terrain 10 12 obstacle
terrain 11 12 obstacle
terrain 12 12 obstacle
terrain 14 12 obstacle
terrain 15 12 obstacle
terrain 17 12 obstacle
terrain 18 12 obstacle
terrain 20 12 obstacle
terrain 21 12 obstacle
terrain 23 12 obstacle
terrain 25 12 obstacle
terrain 26 12 obstacle
terrain 28 12 obstacle
terrain 29 12 obstacle
terrain 0 13 obstacle
terrain 2 13 obstacle
terrain 3 13 obstacle
terrain 4 13 obstacle
terrain 5 13 obstacle
terrain 7 13 obstacle
terrain 8 13 obstacle
terrain 10 13 obstacle
terrain 11 13 obstacle
terrain 12 13 obstacle
terrain 14 13 obstacle
terrain 15 13 obstacle
terrain 17 13 obstacle
terrain 18 13 obstacle
terrain 19 13 obstacle
terrain 20 13 obstacle
terrain 21 13 obstacle
terrain 23 13 obstacle
terrain 25 13 obstacle
terrain 26 13 obstacle
terrain 28 13 obstacle
terrain 29 13 obstacle
terrain 0 14 obstacle
terrain 2 14 obstacle
terrain 3 14 obstacle
terrain 4 14 obstacle
terrain 5 14 obstacle
terrain 7 14 obstacle
terrain 8 14 obstacle
terrain 10 14 obstacle
terrain 11 14 obstacle
terrain 12 14 obstacle
terrain 14 14 obstacle
terrain 15 14 obstacle
terrain 23 14 obstacle
terrain 25 14 obstacle
terrain 26 14 obstacle
terrain 28 14 obstacle
terrain 29 14 obstacle
terrain 0 15 obstacle
terrain 2 15 obstacle
terrain 3 15 obstacle
terrain 4 15 obstacle
terrain 5 15 obstacle
terrain 7 15 obstacle
terrain 8 15 obstacle
terrain 10 15 obstacle
terrain 11 15 obstacle
terrain 12 15 obstacle
terrain 14 15 obstacle
terrain 15 15 obstacle
terrain 16 15 obstacle
terrain 17 15 obstacle
terrain 18 15 obstacle
terrain 19 15 obstacle
terrain 20 15 obstacle
terrain 21 15 obstacle
terrain 22 15 obstacle
terrain 23 15 obstacle
terrain 25 15 obstacle
terrain 26 15 obstacle
terrain 28 15 obstacle
terrain 29 15 obstacle
terrain 0 16 obstacle
terrain 4 16 obstacle
terrain 5 16 obstacle
terrain 7 16 obstacle
terrain 8 16 obstacle
terrain 10 16 obstacle
terrain 11 16 obstacle
terrain 12 16 obstacle
terrain 26 16 obstacle
terrain 28 16 obstacle
terrain 29 16 obstacle
terrain 0 17 obstacle
terrain 1 17 obstacle
terrain 2 17 obstacle
terrain 4 17 obstacle
terrain 5 17 obstacle
terrain 7 17 obstacle
terrain 8 17 obstacle
terrain 10 17 obstacle
terrain 11 17 obstacle
terrain 12 17 obstacle
terrain 13 17 obstacle
terrain 14 17 obstacle
terrain 15 17 obstacle
terrain 16 17 obstacle
terrain 17 17 obstacle
terrain 18 17 obstacle
terrain 19 17 obstacle
terrain 20 17 obstacle
terrain 21 17 obstacle
terrain 22 17 obstacle
terrain 23 17 obstacle
terrain 24 17 obstacle
terrain 25 17 obstacle
terrain 26 17 obstacle
terrain 28 17 obstacle
terrain 29 17 obstacle
terrain 0 18 obstacle
terrain 1 18 obstacle
terrain 2 18 obstacle
terrain 4 18 obstacle
terrain 5 18 obstacle
terrain 12 18 obstacle
terrain 13 18 obstacle
terrain 14 18 obstacle
terrain 15 18 obstacle
terrain 16 18 obstacle
terrain 17 18 obstacle
terrain 18 18 obstacle
terrain 19 18 obstacle
terrain 20 18 obstacle
terrain 21 18 obstacle
terrain 22 18 obstacle
terrain 23 18 obstacle
terrain 24 18 obstacle
terrain 25 18 obstacle
terrain 26 18 obstacle
terrain 28 18 obstacle
terrain 29 18 obstacle
terrain 0 19 obstacle
terrain 1 19 obstacle
terrain 2 19 obstacle
terrain 5 19 obstacle
terrain 6 19 obstacle
terrain 7 19 obstacle
terrain 8 19 obstacle
terrain 9 19 obstacle
terrain 10 19 obstacle
terrain 11 19 obstacle
terrain 12 19 obstacle
terrain 13 19 obstacle
terrain 14 19 obstacle
terrain 15 19 obstacle
terrain 16 19 obstacle
terrain 17 19 obstacle
terrain 18 19 obstacle
terrain 19 19 obstacle
terrain 20 19 obstacle
terrain 21 19 obstacle
terrain 22 19 obstacle
terrain 23 19 obstacle
terrain 24 19 obstacle
terrain 25 19 obstacle
terrain 26 19 obstacle
terrain 28 19 obstacle
terrain 29 19 obstacle
terrain 0 20 obstacle
terrain 1 20 obstacle
terrain 2 20 obstacle
terrain 28 20 obstacle
terrain 29 20 obstacle
terrain 0 21 obstacle
terrain 1 21 obstacle
terrain 2 21 obstacle
terrain 3 21 obstacle
terrain 4 21 obstacle
terrain 5 21 obstacle
terrain 6 21 obstacle
terrain 7 21 obstacle
terrain 8 21 obstacle
terrain 9 21 obstacle
terrain 10 21 obstacle
terrain 11 21 obstacle
terrain 12 21 obstacle
terrain 13 21 obstacle
terrain 14 21 obstacle
terrain 15 21 obstacle
terrain 16 21 obstacle
terrain 17 21 obstacle
terrain 18 21 obstacle
terrain 19 21 obstacle
terrain 20 21 obstacle
terrain 21 21 obstacle
terrain 22 21 obstacle
terrain 23 21 obstacle
terrain 24 21 obstacle
terrain 25 21 obstacle
terrain 26 21 obstacle
terrain 27 21 obstacle
terrain 28 21 obstacle
terrain 29 21 obstacle
