add 5 5 dispenser b1
terrain 0 0 obstacle
terrain 1 0 obstacle
terrain 2 0 obstacle
terrain 3 0 obstacle
terrain 4 0 obstacle
terrain 5 0 obstacle
terrain 6 0 obstacle
terrain 7 0 obstacle
terrain 8 0 obstacle
terrain 0 1 obstacle
terrain 8 1 obstacle
terrain 10 1 obstacle
terrain 0 2 obstacle
terrain 2 2 obstacle
terrain 3 2 obstacle
terrain 4 2 obstacle
terrain 5 2 obstacle
terrain 6 2 obstacle
terrain 8 2 obstacle
terrain 10 2 obstacle
terrain 0 3 obstacle
terrain 2 3 obstacle
terrain 6 3 obstacle
terrain 8 3 obstacle
terrain 10 3 obstacle
terrain 0 4 obstacle
terrain 2 4 obstacle
terrain 4 4 obstacle
terrain 6 4 obstacle
terrain 8 4 obstacle
terrain 10 4 obstacle
terrain 0 5 obstacle
terrain 2 5 obstacle
terrain 4 5 obstacle
terrain 6 5 obstacle
terrain 8 5 obstacle
terrain 10 5 obstacle
terrain 0 6 obstacle
terrain 2 6 obstacle
terrain 4 6 obstacle
terrain 5 6 obstacle
terrain 6 6 obstacle
terrain 8 6 obstacle
terrain 10 6 obstacle
terrain 0 7 obstacle
terrain 2 7 obstacle
terrain 8 7 obstacle
terrain 10 7 obstacle
terrain 0 8 obstacle
terrain 2 8 obstacle
terrain 3 8 obstacle
terrain 4 8 obstacle
terrain 5 8 obstacle
terrain 6 8 obstacle
terrain 7 8 obstacle
terrain 8 8 obstacle
terrain 10 8 obstacle
terrain 0 9 obstacle
terrain 10 9 obstacle
terrain 0 10 obstacle
terrain 1 10 obstacle
terrain 2 10 obstacle
terrain 3 10 obstacle
terrain 4 10 obstacle
terrain 5 10 obstacle
terrain 6 10 obstacle
terrain 7 10 obstacle
terrain 8 10 obstacle
terrain 9 10 obstacle
terrain 10 10 obstacle
