terrain 0 0 obstacle
terrain 1 0 obstacle
terrain 2 0 obstacle
terrain 3 0 obstacle
terrain 4 0 obstacle
terrain 5 0 obstacle
terrain 6 0 obstacle
terrain 7 0 obstacle
terrain 8 0 obstacle
terrain 9 0 obstacle
terrain 10 0 obstacle
terrain 11 0 obstacle
terrain 12 0 obstacle
terrain 13 0 obstacle
terrain 14 0 obstacle
terrain 15 0 obstacle
terrain 16 0 obstacle
terrain 17 0 obstacle
terrain 18 0 obstacle
terrain 19 0 obstacle
terrain 20 0 obstacle
terrain 0 1 obstacle
terrain 1 1 obstacle
terrain 2 1 obstacle
terrain 3 1 obstacle
terrain 4 1 obstacle
terrain 5 1 obstacle
terrain 6 1 obstacle
terrain 7 1 obstacle
terrain 8 1 obstacle
terrain 9 1 obstacle
terrain 10 1 obstacle
terrain 11 1 obstacle
terrain 12 1 obstacle
terrain 13 1 obstacle
terrain 14 1 obstacle
terrain 15 1 obstacle
terrain 16 1 obstacle
terrain 17 1 obstacle
terrain 18 1 obstacle
terrain 19 1 obstacle
terrain 20 1 obstacle
move 0 2 agentA1
add 1 2 dispenser b0
terrain 3 2 obstacle
terrain 4 2 obstacle
terrain 5 2 obstacle
terrain 6 2 obstacle
terrain 7 2 obstacle
terrain 8 2 obstacle
terrain 9 2 obstacle
terrain 10 2 obstacle
terrain 11 2 obstacle
terrain 12 2 obstacle
terrain 13 2 obstacle
terrain 14 2 obstacle
terrain 15 2 obstacle
terrain 16 2 obstacle
terrain 17 2 obstacle
terrain 18 2 obstacle
terrain 19 2 obstacle
terrain 20 2 obstacle
terrain 3 3 obstacle
terrain 4 3 obstacle
terrain 6 3 obstacle
terrain 7 3 obstacle
terrain 8 3 obstacle
add 10 3 dispenser d0
terrain 13 3 obstacle
terrain 14 3 obstacle
terrain 15 3 obstacle
terrain 16 3 obstacle
terrain 17 3 obstacle
terrain 18 3 obstacle
terrain 19 3 obstacle
terrain 20 3 obstacle
terrain 21 3 obstacle
terrain 7 4 obstacle
terrain 13 4 obstacle
terrain 14 4 obstacle
terrain 15 4 obstacle
terrain 16 4 obstacle
terrain 17 4 obstacle
terrain 18 4 obstacle
terrain 19 4 obstacle
terrain 20 4 obstacle
terrain 21 4 obstacle
terrain 3 5 obstacle
terrain 4 5 obstacle
terrain 6 5 obstacle
terrain 7 5 obstacle
terrain 8 5 obstacle
terrain 10 5 obstacle
terrain 11 5 obstacle
terrain 12 5 obstacle
terrain 13 5 obstacle
terrain 14 5 obstacle
terrain 15 5 obstacle
terrain 16 5 obstacle
terrain 17 5 obstacle
terrain 18 5 obstacle
terrain 19 5 obstacle
terrain 20 5 obstacle
terrain 21 5 obstacle
terrain 3 6 obstacle
terrain 4 6 obstacle
terrain 6 6 obstacle
terrain 7 6 obstacle
terrain 8 6 obstacle
terrain 10 6 obstacle
terrain 11 6 obstacle
terrain 12 6 obstacle
terrain 13 6 obstacle
terrain 14 6 obstacle
terrain 15 6 obstacle
terrain 16 6 obstacle
terrain 17 6 obstacle
terrain 18 6 obstacle
terrain 19 6 obstacle
terrain 20 6 obstacle
terrain 21 6 obstacle
terrain 3 7 obstacle
terrain 4 7 obstacle
terrain 6 7 obstacle
terrain 7 7 obstacle
terrain 8 7 obstacle
terrain 10 7 obstacle
terrain 11 7 obstacle
terrain 12 7 obstacle
terrain 13 7 obstacle
terrain 14 7 obstacle
terrain 15 7 obstacle
terrain 16 7 obstacle
terrain 17 7 obstacle
terrain 18 7 obstacle
terrain 19 7 obstacle
terrain 20 7 obstacle
terrain 21 7 obstacle
terrain 3 8 obstacle
terrain 11 8 obstacle
terrain 12 8 obstacle
terrain 13 8 obstacle
terrain 14 8 obstacle
terrain 15 8 obstacle
terrain 16 8 obstacle
terrain 17 8 obstacle
terrain 18 8 obstacle
terrain 19 8 obstacle
terrain 20 8 obstacle
terrain 21 8 obstacle
terrain 3 9 obstacle
terrain 4 9 obstacle
terrain 6 9 obstacle
terrain 7 9 obstacle
terrain 8 9 obstacle
terrain 10 9 obstacle
terrain 11 9 obstacle
terrain 12 9 obstacle
terrain 13 9 obstacle
terrain 14 9 obstacle
terrain 15 9 obstacle
terrain 16 9 obstacle
terrain 17 9 obstacle
terrain 18 9 obstacle
terrain 19 9 obstacle
terrain 20 9 obstacle
terrain 21 9 obstacle
terrain 3 10 obstacle
terrain 4 10 obstacle
terrain 5 10 obstacle
terrain 6 10 obstacle
terrain 7 10 obstacle
terrain 8 10 obstacle
terrain 9 10 obstacle
terrain 10 10 obstacle
terrain 11 10 obstacle
terrain 12 10 obstacle
terrain 13 10 obstacle
terrain 14 10 obstacle
terrain 15 10 obstacle
terrain 16 10 obstacle
terrain 17 10 obstacle
terrain 18 10 obstacle
terrain 19 10 obstacle
terrain 20 10 obstacle
terrain 21 10 obstacle
terrain 3 11 obstacle
terrain 4 11 obstacle
terrain 5 11 obstacle
terrain 6 11 obstacle
terrain 7 11 obstacle
terrain 8 11 obstacle
terrain 9 11 obstacle
terrain 10 11 obstacle
terrain 11 11 obstacle
terrain 12 11 obstacle
terrain 13 11 obstacle
terrain 14 11 obstacle
terrain 15 11 obstacle
terrain 16 11 obstacle
terrain 17 11 obstacle
terrain 18 11 obstacle
terrain 19 11 obstacle
terrain 20 11 obstacle
terrain 21 11 obstacle
terrain 22 11 obstacle
terrain 23 11 obstacle
terrain 24 11 obstacle
terrain 25 11 obstacle
terrain 26 11 obstacle
terrain 27 11 obstacle
terrain 28 11 obstacle
terrain 29 11 obstacle
