# simple setup file for testing

terrain 5 0 obstacle
terrain 5 1 obstacle
terrain 5 2 obstacle
terrain 5 3 obstacle
terrain 5 4 obstacle
terrain 5 5 obstacle
terrain 5 6 obstacle
terrain 5 7 obstacle
terrain 5 8 obstacle
terrain 5 9 obstacle
terrain 5 10 obstacle
terrain 5 11 obstacle
terrain 5 12 obstacle
terrain 5 13 obstacle
terrain 5 14 obstacle
terrain 5 15 obstacle
terrain 5 16 obstacle
terrain 5 17 obstacle
terrain 5 18 obstacle
terrain 5 19 obstacle
#add 5 5 taskboard

stop    # stops further setup execution

move 3 3 agentA1
move 6 3 agentA2
add 4 3 dispenser b1
add 5 3 dispenser b2
add 3 5 block b1
terrain 5 5 obstacle
terrain 5 6 empty
terrain 6 6 goal

# create task test 100 1,0,b1;2,0,b2

create task test 100 1,0,b1
move 10 10 agentA3
add 11 10 block b1
attach 10 10 11 10