move 0 0 agentA1
add 1 0 dispenser b0
terrain 3 0 obstacle
terrain 7 0 obstacle
terrain 8 0 obstacle
terrain 9 0 obstacle
terrain 10 0 obstacle
terrain 11 0 obstacle
terrain 12 0 obstacle
terrain 3 1 obstacle
terrain 4 1 obstacle
terrain 5 1 obstacle
terrain 6 1 obstacle
terrain 7 1 obstacle
terrain 12 1 obstacle
add 11 2 dispenser d0
terrain 12 2 obstacle
terrain 3 3 obstacle
terrain 4 3 obstacle
terrain 5 3 obstacle
terrain 6 3 obstacle
terrain 7 3 obstacle
terrain 12 3 obstacle
terrain 3 4 obstacle
terrain 6 4 obstacle
terrain 7 4 obstacle
terrain 8 4 obstacle
terrain 9 4 obstacle
terrain 10 4 obstacle
terrain 11 4 obstacle
terrain 12 4 obstacle